[Music]
it was not a wicket where you know it
was seeming a lot or you know it was
swinging a lot of course you know
Praveen could swing the ball in whatever
condition he plays so he was brilliant
he bowled in the right areas and you
know that was the main reason he got
wickets in both the innings so and
spinners you know it was a bit difficult
for the spinners because of the strong
crease that was going across the field
but I think you know as the game
progressed they adapted well to the
situation and started rolling in good
areas is about us winning the key
moments and having them at the odd four
six should have restricted them to a
much lower total and then the other
chance to bat and go past the lead but
we didn't in fact we were behind by by
70 or else so yeah not not much
difference between the team's I think
it's about getting finding that way to
to capitalize on the the key moments in
the Test match as you know is an
exceptional batsman very patient you
know got 100 and 250 or deliveries which
means you know you have to be really
patient and you know you have to push
the bowlers to you know pitch the ball
in your areas to your strengths I think
that's what he did he was waited for the
deliveries that were in his areas and he
was patient for a long time so that has
been the pick of his innings and not
only in this one you know whatever
innings his plays you know he just waits
for the bowler to pitch on to his area
so I think he was brilliant as usual you
just like Javed played and harbajan came
and pretty situation at the game taking
it taking charge of the situation
it we need more guys to to take on that
that responsibility of doing whatever it
takes for things and I won't say this
West Union side is is a weaker side
because that's one mistake that you
don't really want to commit by saying
you know your opposition is not good
enough on their day you know everybody's
Minh is there open score runs if you see
the kind of talent they have in the
first six batsmen or seven batsmen you
know I think they are equally matched
with the current Indian team you know
who all I over you for us as a button
unit most of the times it does not come
off but I still believe these guys are
trying hard it's about being be more
mentally focused when you out there in
the middle and I'm doing whatever it
takes to put your team you know in a
good position you know just like like
Dravid plate and harbor janky money and
pretty situation at the game taking it
taking charge of the situation we need
we need more guys to to take on that
responsibility of doing whatever it
takes for the team be sure we can see
God in this game you know getting Tony
out twice in fact he reminded me the
last three times he played against doing
he bought him out so um Bishwas been a
shining star for us ever since he made
his table you know he keeps improving
day after day we can't like I said we
can't fall the golden unit you know
they've always put their hands up and
coming in day after day and doing well
[Music]
pravin we all know is a very skillful
bowler I can swing the ball either ways
is not someone who is very you know up
with the pace you know is not someone
who bows 140 plus but you can definitely
swing the ball and put the ball in the
right area which means you know you can
confuse the baton has to where they need
to play it or you know just leave it